+++
title = "Books Read: Vicious"
date = 2019-02-23T00:00:00Z
[author]
	name = "Mendy"
tags=["Books Read", "Fiction"]
+++


## Book Info
* Title: [Vicious](https://amzn.to/2H0944Z)
* Author: V.E. Schwab
* ISBN: 9781250160263
* Pages: 397

## Summary
The first book in a new series from the author of Shades of Magic. The book flits back and forth through time to tell the story of "Extra Ordinary" people. The main character starts as a troubled privileged college student and devolves into a revenge romp. He picks up various strays along the way who are just as interesting characters. There is Matt who is a physically large hacker, Sydney who can raise the dead and Dol the dog. The "villain" in the story is a self healing, self hating crusader out to kill those who are like him.

## Thoughts
I thoroughly enjoyed this book finishing it in a single day. The time shifting device was implemented wonderfully to fill in the character backgrounds and gave depth to each character (I was expecting a back story to the dog and was disappointed there was none). I loved the idea of "EO" as a take on the comic book mutant trope. That people who almost died could gain powers that they did or did not want is an interesting idea to explore. It is the change of life that gives you the power not the chance of your birth. 
 

## Final Word
I'm giving this a 5/5 stars on [Goodreads](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40874032-vicious). I enjoyed this book and can't wait to read the next installments. 
