+++
title = "Whiskey Fest - Part 2"
date = 2005-11-10T15:22:00Z
updated = 2005-11-10T16:02:37Z
blogimport = true 
[author]
	name = "Mendy"
	uri = "https://www.blogger.com/profile/17218770969370736300"
+++

So once we were out of the Glenrothes session my uncle had to go meet a friend of his. This was accomplished fairly quickly and the three of us tried the Laphroig table again. Unfortunately they were out of the Cask strength that they were pouring. So we had to settle for the 10 year old single barrel. Not being much of a Scotch connoisseur I didn't know what to think. I know that it is supposed to be "peaty" but I've never been able to quantify that flavor in my head. So I guess it was. The other two made appreciative noises and I nodded my head. We next stopped at the Dalmore and tasted the Cigar Malt. Don't know how they did it but it tasted like a cigar smells. I can only imagine sitting in a dark bar smoking a cigar and drinking a cigar tasting whiskey. Must be overwhelming.<br /><br />Right across the aisle was the Woodford Reserve table. Since I happen to like Woodford Reserve I suggest that my uncle try it to get an idea about why Bourbon tastes different than Scotch. I was also hopping to see Chris Norris the master distiller but more on that later. Both my uncle and his friend liked it. I mentioned to one of the people behind the table how I liked the tingly feeling on the back of your tongue right before you swallow he said that is the rye kicking in. That was news to me that it was the rye that causes that and I asked him for some more details. By the time I was done and turned around my uncle was no where to be found. Being impossible to find anyone in the mob I was on my own for the rest of the evening.<br /><br />Next stop was the Bulleit table. Never heard of them before but they appear to be an old brand. They were one of the companies that only had the marketing people behind the table. They had this one huge bottle on the table must have been a gallon. They were also giving away glasses. It was quite sharp with a big burst of flavor on the tongue even before you swallowed. Next door to Bulleit was George Dickel another I hadn't heard of. This was a Tennessee whiskey and you can tell. I had their N012 and liked it. I'm glad that I have an alternative to my trusty friend JD.<br /><br />Moving right along the Bourbon list was a quick stop at Maker's Mart. Never tasted it but someone said they liked it b/c it was smooth. It was smooth but it was also had large vanilla/caramel favoring. Didn't knock me off my feet but nothing I would turn down if offered. Next was Mitcher's single barrel. I'm beginning to wonder if these single barrels are not all they are hyped up to be. Perhaps b/c I had hit three tables in quick succession - oh that's right I tasted the Old Forester Birthday Bourbon as well. So I wasn't really tasting these so I decided that needed to slow down. I went and got some water and checked the exhibit list to plan out the rest of the evening. I also wrote down some of the notes that I'm using to write these entries.<br /><br />End of Part 2. Next in Part 3 we have the heavy hitter: Heaven Hill, Wild Turkey and a chat with Chris Morris.
